Soon, I will send you an image or a series of image files that comprise one document. Transcribe this document. We use █ characters to denote characters redacted or whited out It is crucial that you are attentive to redactions and transcribe each with the █ character. Insert as many █ characters as you estimate there are redacted text characters. Insert the █ characters in the exact location where the redaction is in the original text, and if if a redaction spans multiple rows of text, then the █ characters should also span multiple rows. The █ characters should follow the text immediately to the left of it, or the text immediately above it if there is no other text in that row. Redactions can take many forms. Make sure to catch every black bar and black redaction box and mark the approximate number of redacted characters by a corresponding number of █ characters. Similarly, don't miss any whited out text characters and use █ characters to denote any whited out text characters. Where there is an incomplete sentence, or floating text without a sentence mark, or a lot of white space followed by a lower case word that lacks context, that is probably a whited-out redaction which you should mark with █ characters. You may also encounter white boxes with a black frame that denote a redaction, again you should mark the approximate count of redacted characters with █ characters. When a box says 'Redacted,' 'Redaction, 'Confidential,' 'Privileged,' or 'First Amendment' or similar in it, it is imperative that you preserve this text and surround it by █ characters, depending on whether it is a white or black box. Finally, there may be bullet points or numbered lists where a list item is missing, again denoting whited-out text you need to mark with █ characters. Remember that not all documents contain redactions. Make sure to include the organization's name where there is a logo etc, but exclude unrelated watermarks (typically across the page). Again, the highest priority is to transcribe every single redaction accurately with █ characters and to keep any words such as 'Redacted,' 'Redaction, 'Confidential,' 'Privileged,' or 'First Amendment,' surrounded by █. Be careful with highlighted text that is not redacted. The documents are in black and white, so highlighted text turned into black on grey background, or even black on dark grey. Try your best to read it, don't assume it's redacted, it might be highlighted, particularly names and organizations. If you can still make out text characters, even just barely, it has just been highlighted. Transcribe every page and every column!